Today was the day… Saturday. The day me and Suki had agreed on doing anything and everything together. Running to distant places for our project and going on dates together. It had been nearly 2 months since I met her and started to fall in love with her. And now it was time for me to let her go… 

I wake up early, but not too early. The usual time- around 8. I bundled up and headed downstairs to say goodbye to my parents.

‘I’m heading out to see Suki…’ something that I had told them nearly everyday leading up to this point. They both showed me a sympathetic smile, knowing that today was the day.

‘Stay safe out there,’ my mom told me and gave me a hug. A part of me already wanted to cry, but there was no time for that. Not yet.

Heading out to my car I started my final drive to the Mizuiro Hospital. Thick gray clouds covered the sky for as far as the eye could see and small snowflakes fell from above. The bitter cold was the first to greet me when I got to the hospital. 

Walking towards Suki’s room, the nurse actually stopped me to greet me.

‘Morning Silas,’ she said to me. ‘Suki’s waiting for you.’

‘Ah morning to you too,’ I replied. She showed me the same sympathetic smile my parents had shown me. It told me everything I needed to know. Today really was the day, I thought.

After our short run in, she dismissed herself with a small bow. I placed my hand on the handle to Suki’s room and slid open the door. I prepared myself with one deep breath and walked in. The ever so familiar melody had now slowed to an almost concerning rate. Her heart was slowing down… the life inside of her was leaving her.

Turning around the corner I saw her looking towards the window. Watching the snowfall she had learned to find solace in. She had told me that snowflakes were like flowers, but they died much quicker. They withered with even the smallest amount of heat. And even then, each and everyone was unique. They came and went every year, just like flowers.

‘Suki…’ I was the one to call her name today. Turning to look at me a happy smile came over her face.

‘Silas…’ I knew that if she could, she’d run into my arms right now. She’d cling to me and bury her face into my chest… The same way she did every day I saw her after we started dating. She couldn’t do that though, so I approached her and hugged her instead. I could feel how weak she was with the way she clinged to me. ‘It’s the day…’ she whispered.

‘Yeah… It’s the day…’ There was no avoiding it. If Suki could no longer muster up a smile about it, there was no other way. Today truly was the end of everything. ‘How are you feeling today?’ I asked her one last time.

‘I feel like the ocean is going to sweep me away any second now… That within the blink of an eye I’ll disappear and become one of them.’ A very obvious disheartened look took over both of our faces. Tears began to fall from our eyes like the snowflakes did outside. I took her hand into mine. I grimaced at the ice cold feeling. Running circles on the back of her hand with my thumb I tried to calm her down.

‘But… you’re not leaving yet. Not now…’ I told her.

‘But I’m leaving today…’ I could feel her IV tube grace the side of my neck as she desperately clung to me. ‘I’m leaving you today…’ For once, I was the one making the best out of the moment.

‘You’ll never leave me. I know you’ll be up there with the stars looking over me. Suki… you’ll always be a part of me.’ Through her tears she let out a small giggle.

‘Did I teach you how to be optimistic?’

‘It would seem you did.’ I reached for her right wrist. I pulled it between us, so the both of us could see the matching whale shark bracelets. Pulling mine off, I switched it with hers. ‘They may seem the same, but they’re ours. I will carry yours with me until the end of time and you will do the same.’ This small gesture only managed to bring more tears to the both of us. We were both so hopeless. We found any and all ways to cling to each other. To hold onto each other for just a second longer.

She looked at the small whale shark charm adoringly. 

‘It’s a piece of you I’ll carry back into the ocean.’

‘Mhm… A sign that you walked on land again.’ A random question popped into my head. ‘Suki… If I asked you… would you cut me?’

‘Huh?’ She let out right away. She showed me a concerned expression. ‘You don’t mean like…’

‘No no. Not like that…’ I told her, knowing what she was getting at. ‘I mean like… if you cut me I’ll have a scar to remember you by.’ Her eyes averted away from mine.

‘I don’t think I’d ever have it in me to hurt you. Even if you asked me.’ I smiled at her. I was satisfied by her answer, though a part of me wished she said yes. Even if it was a small scar, it would be something I would always have. ‘Here,’ she said while taking my arm. She ran her nail across my skin. ‘You can have a small scratch.’

‘When did you turn into a cat?’ I asked her. This lightened the mood even if ever so slightly. Looking at it, the skin around it started to turn red. And while I knew it would only last a few minutes I still held it dear to me.

Our crying stopped eventually. We didn’t have much to do. After all, she couldn’t leave her room now. I sat on the edge of her bed and held her hand. There was always something about us. We didn’t have to do anything together, but we always found comfort in simply being around each other. And right now… that’s all we needed to push the thought of her death away just a little more.

‘Silas…’ She called my name weakly. ‘You’ll finish our story right?’

‘Mmm… who knows if I’ll last that long,’ I tell her. It was the truth. There was no knowing what her death would do to me. Even with all of her pleading for me to not kill myself, there was no certainty that would be enough to keep me from stepping too far over that line. ‘Maybe… the ending to our story is happy even if I do end crossing into the ocean again.’ I ran my hand over her cheek. ‘After all, if I die I’ll be with you again.’

‘Forget about me,’ she replies. ‘If erasing the memory of me keeps you alive then do it.’ I let out a small gasp.

‘I could never let you go like that Suki. I don’t want the world to forget about you that easily.’ I draw her closer to me. ‘People like us think it’s always better if we’re forgotten. You may have not changed the world, but you saved a soul. You were the one who saved my pathetic soul from the abyss. That is something that deserves to always be remembered. If not by other people, then at least by me.’

‘Silas…’

‘If the world is going to forget about you, then it’ll be when I die.’ I press our foreheads together. ‘You’ll live on as a part of me.’ Her tears came again and so did mine.

‘Forget-Me-Nots… The flowers of remembrance and true love. When you combine it with a red Spider Lily, it results in us. Death, love, remembrance, and final goodbyes.’ Those four words were all we needed to encompass our story. ‘Make sure to show me the Forget-Me-Nots from your garden.’

‘Of course I’ll remember.’ I had told her I would show her them come spring and I intend to stay true to those words. In between our sniffles and sobs we shared small sentimental moments from the past two months. How our run in on her first day had blossomed into a romance that neither of us would ever forget.

The hours flew by. The day passed before we knew it. I ate lunch with her and her parents when they stopped by. Watson also came to say his goodbyes to Suki which moved all of us to tears. He also shared a few words of gratitude with me similar to what Suki’s parents had told me. Before he left he told me one more thing.

‘Should you ever need anything, please reach out to me.’ He showed me a deep bow- a form of great respect for someone. ‘Thank you Silas. For everything you’ve done for Lady Iyazaki.’ With that he left. Lady Iyazaki, I thought. She really is a princess.

Soon after, Suki’s parents also left to take care of some last minute matters. This left me with Suki again. We sat in her bed watching the snowflakes fall with the dying sunlight. Our last day together was coming to an end. An end we both never wish we had to see.

‘I’m sorry Silas…’ she told me. ‘I never should have done this to you.’

‘What are you talking about, love?’

‘I should’ve never let us get to this point. I should’ve just told you I was dying when I started to feel something for you.’ Her tears started again. ‘I realize that my death is hurting you to the same point that he hurt you. The point where death is the only solution for solace.’

‘Don’t you compare yourself to Ash,’ I tell her. ‘Ash is a monster who seeks to ruin those who are inherently better than him. He meant to hurt me from the start of everything. But you’re nothing like that Suki. I know you never meant to hurt me and if we had the choice we'd live in this moment forever.’

‘But I-’ She started.

‘Shhh. It may hurt to say goodbye, but this is nothing like how I left Ash. I’m getting the opportunity to say goodbye to you and make the most out of the time we have. He left me with a fire burning everything left inside of me. You lit something ablaze inside of me. The flame of life that will help the sparkler inside of me burn forever.’ Tears started to fall from my eyes. I took her hands into mine. ‘I will never remember or see you as the same thing as Ash. Just like you, I once bloomed before I died. With you I was able to blossom in the darkness, and now I must die like all flowers do.’

‘Silas...’ All she managed to do was call my name between her cries.

‘I’ll wait for you to return next winter with the snowflakes so I may bloom again with you.’ Our heads hung low as our cries turned into soft sobbing.

‘When the time comes, I’ll be waiting for you to return to the ocean. I know there will be a day we will swim together again.’ Tears fell on our hands. We knew our time was ending- that I’d have to leave soon. We tried to desperately hold onto the moment, but all things must end…

A soft knock came from the door before we heard the door slide open. Footsteps followed as we turned our attention to the corridor.

‘Excuse me. Visiting hours are almost over for the day, Silas.’ The nurse spoke directly to me. She had become acquainted with me over the past few weeks. The expression on me and Suki’s face immediately dropped. ‘Please. Take all the time you two need to say your farewells.’ She stepped back a little.

‘Silas! Don’t go!’ Suki clung to me. Our soft sobbing had turned into hopeless sobbing. The time was here. Where we’d say goodbye forever. ‘You can’t leave!’

‘Darling you know I have to.’ I held her tightly. ‘I wish I could stay until the very end.’ She sobbed into my chest. ‘It’s ok. We’ll be together forever.’ I ran my thumb over the charm of her bracelet to remind her of our everlasting bond.

‘T-that’s right… I’ll always be a part of you and you’ll always be a part of me.’

‘That’s right, princess.’ We share our last hug. She held me close to her with what strength she had. Eventually, I had to pull away from her embrace. ‘I-I’ll be back tomorrow. Just like everyday.’ My helpless sobbing started to ring through the room. 

‘And I’ll be waiting for you. Just like I do everyday.’ Suki reached her hand up to my cheek. It felt like ice against the warmth of my face. She drew me closer, pressing our foreheads together- something I would miss dearly when she was gone. ‘You’re so warm darling.’

‘Someone has to be your heater.’ Through tears we smiled at each other. The warm smile that both of us had fallen in love with. Leaning closer I asked her a question, ‘one more?’

‘Mhm… one last kiss.’ I closed the remaining space between our lips. I savored what warmth she had left to offer me and I’m sure she did much the same. Pulling away my tears came. 

‘I don’t want you to go, Suki.’

‘I wish I didn’t have to.’ I rested my head very lightly on her chest. Her hand found her way to my head and played with my hair. ‘Remember me when you get lonely, ok? Look for me in the night sky and wait for me to come back in the winters.’

‘Mhm. I’ll always remember you and I’ll always wait for you. You will continue to live on inside of me.’ We smiled even with the hopeless sobbing between us. 

‘Apologies. It’s time for Miss Iyazaki to get some quiet time,’ the nurse told us. As sad as this news was to us, we both knew the moment would come. 

Lifting myself off of her bed I wiped the tears away with my sleeve- although more quickly came. 

‘Good bye Suki…’ I lean down and press a traced kiss on her forehead. ‘I love you… forever and always.’ She weeped at my words. Uncontrollable tears and sniffles came from the both of us. Such a moment, that even the nurse was moved to similar emotions. 

‘I love you too. I always will.’ With one last smile she spoke my name for the last time. ‘Good bye Silas…’

Finally standing up to walk away I looked at her one last time. 

‘Daisuki da yo,’ we both whispered to each other. ‘Sayonara.’ Walking past the nurse, she wiped her tears and smiled at me weakly. I looked back at the room one last time. This would be the last time I ever saw Suki. It took everything in me to leave that room. And even then, I couldn’t help but weep when I left. Stepping into the hallway I controlled the urge to endlessly cry. It was when I got to the car when everything came crashing down. 

There would be no more Suki for me, for anyone really. All I had left of her was the pictures and video in my camera and phone. Even those didn't feel permanent enough. 

I would never get to feel her warmth against me. The one from when we cuddled, and kissed. The one from when we’d simply lean against each other. 

I would never hear her voice again. The sweet one that rang in my ears when she talked about nonsensical things or laughed. The one that I remember for telling me words that changed my life. 

But more than all of that, I’d never get to see her smile. The same one that made me fall for her. The one that made her look effortlessly beautiful no matter the time or day. The smile that lit the fireworks inside of me ablaze and kept me going.

Sitting in my room that night I didn’t do anything. There was simply no will to do anything but cry.

‘Honey?’ I could hear my mom call for me from the door but her voice felt like it was far away in the back of my head. 

‘Silas.’ This time my dad called for me. I turned around in my chair and looked at them. The tears blurred them into blobs. Subconsciously I run into my mom’s arms and cry on her chest. 

‘Oh sweetie.’ She put her hand in my hair and played with it… it feels like how Suki plays with my hair… ‘It’ll be ok.’ My dad patted my back and told me similar affirmations. 

Standing there, in my room, I cried for who knows how long. I couldn’t come to terms with the fact that she was leaving. I would never have the things I had when she was still right by my side. 

‘Mom…’ I said weakly. ‘It feels like… a part of me just died.’ Both of them let out something short of a gasp. They knew exactly what I was talking about. ‘She’s gone…’ 