"Crimson! When we get older, let’s leave this scummy place and live in the mountains where it always snows!" A little girl told him as she spun around in the snow. Crimson and Violet watched as the snowflakes fell onto her pristine uniform. Her long white hair dances around her as glowing strands of black and white danced around her dusky eyes. "I wanna grow up and move back home!"

""Any wish you have, we’ll do our best to make it come true Master,"" they told her. A bright smile appeared on her face. 

That smile they fondly looked at was long gone. Nothing but a distant memory of the past. 

Akina woke up at the crack of dawn. A soft white cat and black dog rested next to her. Outside, snow gently fell from the sky. Each snowflake makes a small twinkle as it hits the ground. She had about two hours until class started and decided it was still too early to wake up for morning training. 

Nearly, 10 years ago she said she was ready to leave this place and now she desperately wanted to leave even more. She enlisted in an academy for Specials, those who hold special powers called Talents, under the advice of her guardian, Zero. Although she was initially skeptical of attending, she eventually accepted the idea.

She had a special Talent that was derived from a rare branch called Aether. There were many other ones like Elemental, and Elysian. The rarest ones were Akina’s and Shadow. Only one person had ever been known to have a Shadow talent. Likewise, Akina was the first recorded Aether Talent in millennia. 

While that was true, she was subjected to unfavorable treatment from the public. Her Talent was stronger than that of an average person making nearly anything possible. A specialty of hers was to make crystals as sharp as glass, but really anything imaginable was within her scope. This, enacted fear among the people as soon as they found out about her. So, she was shunned and shamed for it. 

"Master… good morning," she heard a voice say to her. Opening her eyes again, a boy with black hair and maroon colored eyes looked at her. 

"Good morning Crimson. I must’ve drifted to sleep again."

"It’s ok. I knew you were awake." He turned his eyes toward the window. Each delicate snowflake danced onto their balcony. "It’s snowing today. Think they’ll cancel class?"

"What does it matter to you? I’m the one who has to go," she tells him. 

"I know you’d rather stay here and hang out with everyone in the common room." Akina looks away quickly. 

"That’s not true…" As much as people hated her for who she was, the people here liked her and she hated that. She wanted to hate them just because they were simply other people. The kind of Specials that held basic Elemental or Astral Talents— nothing close to hers. She always enjoyed their presence though. Her heart could never find it in her to hate them for the reasons she wanted to. 

"You can hide it all you want, but there’s no hiding it from your summons. After all, we have that thing between us." Akina could only let out a sigh of defeat. Her Talent came with something called summons, which was what Crimson and Violet were. They were like an extension of her. They had their own powers and basically acted as their own people. A soul link is what connected the three of them. Their thoughts, feelings, and emotions could all be connected at once if they wished. 

Summons weren’t locked to the Aether talent line as many other lines had them in their own way. The Alchemy branch for example, usually had summons in the form of small animals. The Elysian line took theirs in the form of ethereal creatures like Snawfus. Aether Specials had the ability to choose the form of their talents to be whatever they wanted. In Akina’s case, Crimson took the form of a Church Grim while Violet took the form of a simple white cat. Both of them had the ability to turn into humans, which was the form they most commonly chose.

Crimson and Violet were just like Akina, or rather she was just like them. Being an extension of her, they both held their own Aether Talents. The three of them made a team the world feared. Simply, the mention of one of their names was enough to make someone lash out.

"There’s no knowing if there’s a snow day until one of us goes to check," Violet spoke. She woke up while the two were yapping. Her human form looked very similar to Akina’s except her eyes were a much lighter lilac color. 

"Not it!" Crimson quickly let out. 

"I’ll go," Akina volunteered herself as she raised her hand. 

"Oh? That’s odd. Usually you like to stay in bed all day."

"Well it’s snowing so I don’t mind as much…" She had no real reason to want to walk over to the school building in the cold, she simply wanted to go for the heck of it. 

Violet replied with a soft smile and got up to prepare her a set of clothing. Crimson also got up and went to go make some hot chocolate for the three of them. It took some time for Akina to force herself out of bed. She could already feel the snow day notice that was going to be posted on the front door. For some reason, one of the best academies in the capital didn’t have a messaging system so students had to go to school to get all notices of a closure. It really wasn’t a big issue though as most students live in the dorms. Very few chose to commute everyday. 

Akina picked up her phone and saw a message from one of her classmates in their class group chat. 

Ilja: Make sure to stay warm with the cold weather today!

The little emoji made her smile. Ilja, the one who sent the text, was always like the mom of the class. Usually no one texted in the chat unless there was a commission coming up or someone needed help with homework. There wasn’t a need since they all lived in the same building and saw each other everyday. 

Akina: Yes mom.

Akina replied. Just then, Violet laid out a set of clothing on the foot of her bed for her to change into. 

"You can go and check and then we’ll have some breakfast when you get back alright?" After seeing Ilja’s text, it occurred to her that she would likely be the one to take one for the team and hiking out to the school building to check. 

"I’ll make it quick," she told her with a sigh. She quickly changed and then headed out. The snow laid in a pristine layer almost as white as her hair. A soft crunch rang in her ears with every step she took. As the snowflakes fell she swirled them around with her Aether. She used her Talent to create a small snow bunny next to a tree and another on a bench. The sight made her smile. 

Walking up to the door she found a sign that said exactly what she expected to see. 

Class is canceled today for all classes due to heavy snowfall. Enjoy your snow day!

She let out a sigh but also put on a smile. She expected as much by walking out here. 

"Another day to hide away in my room," she told herself before making the trek back to the dorms. Walking into the front the smell of bacon found its way into her nose. Violet was cooking breakfast. 

"What’s the status?" Crimson asked her. 

"No class today," she told him with a blunt voice. She found her way to the counter and rested her head on it. The cold marble felt like ice against her cheek. Pulling her phone out, she sent the message to the group chat.

Akina: There’s no class today, so enjoy the day off.

"That’s another day to lay in bed all day," Crimson let out and joined her. Violet laughed at them before placing two mugs in front of them. 

"Be social for once. After all, everyone else will be here. I doubt anyone will want to go home in the snow." The thought made Akina tired, but she wasn’t against it. 

"Well you never know if any Unknown will show up." This piqued her interest though. She physically perked up at the sound of this. "If anything they’ll be sending us out there. Everyone else will freeze out there." Unknown were monsters that came from White Space. This empty void of sorts that was in the middle of nowhere. Specials, both students and professionals, were the ones responsible for killing them.

"Don’t look so excited Master," Violet told her. "There’s no telling if we will end up going or not."

"I know… It’s been a while since we’ve gone though…" She let out a huff and continued to rest her head on the island. "They never let us go."

"I know I know. It’s not fair to us, but you know how it is. If we went out there, then the people would start thinking we were the Unknown and forget to run from the actual monsters." Violet’s eyes softened as she looked at her. In an effort to cheer her up, she placed a strawberry in front of her face. "Cheer up little one." Akina stared at the strawberry before lunging for it with her mouth. Violet was quick to tug it away.

"Why’d you do that?"

"You only get it if you stop being all doom and gloom."

"I’m not being doom… only gloom," Akina mumbled. "You’re using my favorite fruit for leverage, it’s not fair." She showed her a pout before letting out a fine. Violet smiled at her and placed the strawberry into the palm of her hand.

"How about," Crimson started while standing up. "I make my hot chocolate. I know you like that."

"Really?" This made Akina perk up again. Strawberries and hot chocolate were two of her favorite foods.

"I mean it’s early and there’s nothing else to do. And it’ll keep us all warm."

"I want to help then!" The way Akina’s mood changed within a few seconds always reminded the two of them that deep down she was still the child they remembered. It reminded them that there was still hope for her.
